[DOC-1416] yba: Clarify cert download for connecting to universes (#32819)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/yugabyte-platform/create-deployments/connect-to-universe.md

    This downloads the `root.crt` file.

If you are using [custom self- or CA-signed certificates](../../security/enable-encryption-in-transit/add-certificate-self/), use the certificate you added to YugabyteDB Anywhere to connect. You cannot download these certificates from YugabyteDB Anywhere.

For information on connecting using a client shell using this certificate, see [Connect from your desktop](#connect-from-your-desktop).

To use TLS to connect an application, refer to the [driver documentation](/stable/develop/drivers-orms/). If you are using a PostgreSQL JDBC driver to connect to YugabyteDB, you can also refer to [Configuring the client](https://jdbc.postgresql.org/documentation/head/ssl-client.html) for more details.

> If you are using PostgreSQL/YugabyteDB JDBC driver with SSL, you need to convert the certificates to DER format. To do this, you need to perform only steps 6 and 7 from [Set up SSL certificates for Java applications](/stable/develop/drivers-orms/java/postgres-jdbc-reference/#set-up-ssl-certificates-for-java-applications) after you have the root certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using PostgreSQL/YugabyteDB JDBC driver with SSL, you need to convert the certificates to DER format. To do this, you need to perform only steps 6 and 7 from [Set up SSL certificates for Java applications](/stable/develop/drivers-orms/java/postgres-jdbc-reference/#set-up-ssl-certificates-for-java-applications) after obtaining your root certificate.
```
